STREAMS-1440 - Refactor Streams helm chart (#55)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/install/_index.md

To disable the MariaDB installation, you can either:

* Edit the `values.yaml` file and set the `embeddedMariadb.enabled` entry as follow:

```yaml
embeddedMariadb:

> enabled: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enabled: false
```

mysql -h "${DB_HOST}" -P "${DB_PORT}" -u "${DB_USER}" -p -e "GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON ${DB_NAME}.* TO ${DB_STREAMS_USER} REQUIRE SSL;"
```

> Then you must provide information to the Streams installation. You should edit the `values.yaml` file and set the `externalizedMariadb` entry as follow:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then you must provide information to the Streams installation. You should edit the `values.yaml` file and set the `externalizedMariadb` entry as follows:
```

    export NAMESPACE="my-namespace"
    kubectl create secret generic streams-database-secret --from-file=CA_PEM=ca.pem -n ${NAMESPACE}
    ```
    * Set the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `externalizedMariadb.tls.twoWay` to `false`.

> * For Two-Way TLS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For two-way TLS:
```

    ```

* For no TLS:
    * Set the [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) `externalizedMariadb.tls.enabled` to `false`.

> You can follow the official documentation provided by Mariadb [Certificate Creation with OpenSSL](https://mariadb.com/kb/en/certificate-creation-with-openssl/) to generate self-signed certificate. Make sure to set the Common Name correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the official documentation provided by MariaDB [Certificate Creation with OpenSSL](https://mariadb.com/kb/en/certificate-creation-with-openssl/) to generate self-signed certificates. Make sure to set the Common Name correctly.
```

```

{{< alert title="Note" >}}
You will be required to specify a hostname. If you do not have one yet, you can use any temporary value and edit it later.

> For this entire documentation we are using k8s.yourdomain.tld as an _example_ value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Throughout this documentation, we are using k8s.yourdomain.tld as an _example_ value.
```
